she won landmarks Sergio Moraes
after the rocking of rock training in the
evolution taiki works of the arena that by
while I will not let go of all 43
macchi that I said already cogita there and that the
workouts always strong here so the
enemy that looks like game on Friday
that the training that we will go well and it seems already
I can not wait to get salt to do it.
Another problem was the inspiration for me.
because I 'm already
the image is mine I said I stayed one year
stopped because of my injury but
year seems to fight but always training
evolution was great and thank god
everything is great today
so there is now a good result in a
game there on August 3
This gives us the strength of the here, right now, and this
fight
although you show that I am I am only
changing only evolved a lot
you think it's also every fight will
try to show evolution in the range
of income with the soil
is not because the fish in all the
important championships in Egypt on the
delegate exists between the
continues to evolve continue training
She even sings because she came to a school
traditionalist than the alliance eight times
world champion this year has managed to
I always do the ball, I know the news.
still the galera is up to date with peace
good care, do not even talk
that each agent presents a new learner
behave london consult ahead with
2 500 reais that there and that's what I have
I have hope of many people who
today comes fighting to get out is not knock
nor was it the greatest blow and related the
floor this and think this to boot
use the heart because a mégane
Did you ever see his fight he likes to take?
pull me in the inter me and you'll be fine
Anywhere in this fight standing you
want to show your evolution is on the floor at
towel, I really believe that because
also that plus the table option then
can you meet
on the inside I try to show how
who does not like him
so here's all very confident I
I've been working very hard all over the face.
makeup that it had been a while
stayed here I'm starting to stay in
presentation details
I'm confident in evolution and I hope
make ground underneath and I'll do what
I always did it at home.
this is a shot in the face more
commented of the moment is that he comes back to
bus route suffered defeat him think
that he exaggerated in his turn can be
seen the guy I'm suspected of talking about
I think that today we think that
annoyed by the way to lose by module
But I 've already told you it's athletes that
I totally mellowed not to ninja that even I do not know
that the publication has to work
always with respect to the treatment since 11
13 in the favela he does it if he
did not locke does not
said messi
shot but not every day is our day
who knows who it is but we know that
I think ten fights is going to be this.
the one because the animal fell and I like
much of the style of the year is what he
will come back will give back the above know
put his head in place and is not
Difficult we know how difficult it is
stay focused on what we come
frequently doing so is
the defense of fulham ing
josé carlos neves was his
I wish all luck in the world and he
Come back, somebody has things that he defended.
during our country
released in June by the wheel the guys are
all are treated like idols all over the
respect to which it was not different from
people have been exposed today by
because none of this goes to launch
ayalon facing difficulties in
get carell that is the sport lost from
turn heads with you
rogers fighters from brazil maria are
with you
That's it to end here takes beer
BBQ fighters away and arising
the judge in the workshop where you
coming from the boston website and the brazilian
hit cinnamon
the woman was strong the team defeated
also a lot of people think it's a
world health date
now we are inside the event
You realize that this one was not champion.
besides the world title there is plenty of
now you have to be careful and trained
thank god that most other
categories is coming from the sides but it is
dude and it just has to be ours
I think we all started in one
family big manager be the galley side
can not lose this essence not people
is showing its strength too
someone has to remember that there is more
he just world
If the people ready to celebrate would be
a new victory and if God wants a
damn
0 see that Brazil will not speak one
Kiss for my daughter, my son, my skirt.
I miss everyone in the family in the
friends that leads to that part of
My purse goes to the police.
it was too much products to see with the galley
what I was last was in the vehicle
Both of them have a lot of people outside me.
I returned the brazilian dance in the area has to
thank you many people know many
many people thank you guys that
like the service my job
can accomodate but everything with
you
Thank you to follow the girl.